Add new frame format view to help understand (#29492)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/websockets_api/writing_websocket_servers/index.md

     +---------------------------------------------------------------+
```

This means that a frame contains the following bytes:

- First byte:
  - bit 0: FIN
  - bit 1: RSV1
  - bit 2: RSV2
  - bit 3: RSV3
  - bits 4-7 OPCODE
- Bytes 2-10: payload length (see [Decoding Payload Length](#decoding_payload_length))
- If masking is used, the next 4 bytes contain the masking key (see [Reading and unmasking the data](#reading_and_unmasking_the_data))

> - All subsequent bytes are payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All subsequent bytes are payload

```

     +---------------------------------------------------------------+
```

> Another view for the frame format (think the payload how a tape of the bits)
> 
> ```bash
> Summary:
> - First byte:
>        0 FIN
>        1 RSV1
>        2 RSV2
>        3 RSV3
>        4-7 OPCODE
> - Bytes 2-10: payload length (see [Decoding Payload Length](#decoding_payload_length))
> - If masking is used, next 4 bytes contain masking key (see [Reading and unmasking the data](#reading_and_unmasking_the_data))
> - All subsequent bytes are payload
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that a frame contains the following bytes:

- First byte:
  - bit 0: FIN
  - bit 1: RSV1
  - bit 2: RSV2
  - bit 3: RSV3
  - bits 4-7 OPCODE
- Bytes 2-10: payload length (see [Decoding Payload Length](#decoding_payload_length))
- If masking is used, the next 4 bytes contain the masking key (see [Reading and unmasking the data](#reading_and_unmasking_the_data))
- All subsequent bytes are payload
```
